---
title: 'Introduction to the Blog'
date: 2025-06-14
permalink: /posts/2025/06/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Information About Blog
  - Difficulty 1
---
An Introduction to the Blog
======
Hello all! 

You have discovered my blog page! My intent is for this to be a space where I amalgamate my thoughts and ideas about science, philosophy, mathematics, and art. I expect to focus mostly on scientific processes and communication, epistemology, philosophy of science, and my own beliefs about art, but I may branch out into other topics. If I am learning something more technical in mathematics or physics, I will likely make a post with more explicit details to make it more accessible to others. Because I plan to simultaneously have quite technical posts and quite approachable essays, I shall label each post on a 5-point scale: 

1. No technical background is required and a member of the general public should be able to understand (most art essays will be like this).

2. The post requires some high school level of knowledge and has mildly more complicated language (I expect this to be dominated mostly by simpler philosophy posts).

3. Basic undergraduate-level mathematics and physics is required to understand the post (such as linear algebra, multivariable calculus, introductory quantum mechanics, etc.) 

4. The post requires an undergraduate degree in the relevant field (such as knowing details of statistical physics or quantum field theory).

5. The post is only accessible to those actively engaged in research in physics and mathematics. 

If you would like to discuss anything I write about with me, please reach out. I love thinking about these issues and would look forward to having my mind changed. I understand that my posts are unlikely to be seen by many people, but if you do stumble upon this, I hope you enjoy listening to some errant thoughts passing by. 
